for some of the first Palestinians to go
back to car Unis there's not much left
that's
recognizable once home to around half a
million people the city in the south of
Gaza has been flattened by Israel's
military the city looks heartbreaking
it's unbelievable would didn't expect
this scale of Destruction there isn't a
house without a martyr wounded or
destroyed word can describe
it many of the people who've been living
in tense or in the open for months on
end were hoping there might be some way
to start rebuilding their
lives we came to see what happened to
the house but there weren't any houses
here it's just Rubble you can't live
here animals can't leave here so how's a
person supposed to the destruction is
unreal Israel's military announced on
Sunday it had withdrawn most of its
troops from carun it wraps up a key
phase in its battle with
troop levels are now at some of the
lowest levels in Gaza since the War
Began 6 months
ago but there are reminders that this is
still a war zone rebuilding here will
take many many years if Israel allows it
Bernard Smith Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer